# ES6 Classes
- How to define a class: A class is defined using the 'class' keyword, followed by the class name. For example, 'class Animal {}' creates a class name 'Animal'. This provides a blueprint for creating objects with shared properties and methods.
- How to add methods to a class: Methods are added to a class by defining functions within the class body. These methods can be called on instances of the class. For instance, within the 'Animal'  class, you can define a method like 'makeSound() {
  console.log('Generic animal sound');}'.
- Why and how to add a static method to a class: Static methods are associated with the class itself rather than instances. They are defined using the 'static' keyword within the class. They are useful for utility functions that are related to the class but don't require an instance. For example, 'static info() { console.log('This is an Animal class');} is a static method.
- How to extend a class from another: class inheritance is achieved using the 'extends' keyword. A class can inherit properties and methods from another class by specifying the parent class after 'extends'. For instance, 'class Dog extends Animal {}' creates a 'Dog' class that inherits from the 'Animal' class.
- Metaprogramming and symbols: Metaprogramming involves writing code that manipulates the structure or behavior of other programs or even itself. Symbols, introduced in ES6, are a primitive data type that can be used as unique identifiers. They are often used in metaprogramming scenarios, such as creating private class properties or customizing object behaviors.
